content: Human mining jobs (#10847)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/dialog phrases.txt

	word
		`You have reached <planet>, but not all of the cargo and passengers are in the system! Better depart and wait for your escorts to arrive in this star system.`

phrase "generic mineral delivery payment"
	word
		`You drop off the <amount> tons of <mineral> and collect your payment of <payment>.`

phrase "generic mineral on visit"
	word

> 		`You've returned to <origin>, but do not have <amount> tons of <mineral> in your cargo hold. Make sure to mine <amount> tons of <mineral> and collect it into your cargo before you land.`

Reviewer: This seems slightly pedantic and a bit choppy. Maybe:

```suggestion
		`You've returned to <origin>, but you are not carrying <amount> tons of <mineral> in your cargo hold.`
```
